---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-alicloud_ddoscoo_instances Data Source - st-alicloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source provides the AntiDDoS domain resources of the current AliCloud user.
---

# st-alicloud_ddoscoo_instances (Data Source)

This data source provides the AntiDDoS domain resources of the current AliCloud user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "st-alicloud" {
  alias  = "antiddos-instance"
  region = "ap-southeast-1"
}

data "st-alicloud_ddoscoo_instances" "ins" {
  provider     = st-alicloud.antiddos-instance
  ids          = ["id1", "id2"]
  remark_regex = "^example-remark"
}

output "alicloud_ddoscoo_instances" {
  value = data.st-alicloud_ddoscoo_instances.ins
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) List of IDs of AntiDDoS instance.
- `remark_regex` (String) Remark of AntiDDoS instances.

### Read-Only

- `instances` (Attributes List) A list of Anti-DDoS instances (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth of AntiDDoS instacne.
- `base_bandwidth` (Number) Base bandwidth of AntiDDoS instance.
- `create_time` (Number) Create time of AntiDDoS instance.
- `debt_status` (Number) Debt status of AntiDDoS instance.
- `domain_count` (Number) Domain count of AntiDDoS instance.
- `edition` (Number) Edition of AntiDDoS instance.
- `eip` (List of String) EIP of AntiDDoS instance.
- `enabled` (Number) If the AntiDDoS instance is enabled
- `expire_time` (Number) Expire time of AntiDDoS instance.
- `id` (String) ID of AntiDDoS instance.
- `ip_mode` (String) IP Mode of AntiDDoS instance.
- `ip_version` (String) IP version of AntiDDoS instance.
- `name` (String) Name of AntiDDoS instance.
- `port_count` (Number) Port count of AntiDDoS instance.
- `remark` (String) Remark of AntiDDoS instance.
- `service_bandwidth` (Number) Service bandwidth of AntiDDoS instance.
- `status` (Number) Status of AntiDDoS instance.


