---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-alicloud_alidns_gtm_instance Resource - st-alicloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Alidns Gtm Instance resource.
---

# st-alicloud_alidns_gtm_instance (Resource)

Provides a Alidns Gtm Instance resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "st-alicloud_alidns_gtm_instance" "test2" {
  payment_type      = "Subscription"
  alert_group       = ["test-network"]
  resource_group_id = "1234122123"
  ttl               = 60
  instance_name     = "test-gtm-instance"
  package_edition   = "standard"
  instance_type     = "intl"
  strategy_mode     = "GEO"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_group` (List of String) The alert group.
- `instance_name` (String) The name of Global Traffic Manager instance.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of Global Traffic Manager instance. Valid values: cn, intl.
- `package_edition` (String) Paid package version. Valid values: ultimate, standard.
- `payment_type` (String) The Payment Type of the Global Traffic Manager instance.Valid value: Subscription.
- `resource_group_id` (String) The ID of the resource group.
- `strategy_mode` (String) The type of the access policy. Valid values: GEO, LATENCY.
- `ttl` (Number) The global time to live. Valid values: 60, 120, 300, 600. Unit: second.

### Optional

- `alert_config` (Block Set) The alert notification methods. See the following Block alert_config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_config))
- `force_update` (Boolean) The force update.
- `public_cname_mode` (String) The Public Network domain name access method. Valid values: CUSTOM, SYSTEM_ASSIGN.
- `public_rr` (String) The CNAME access domain name.
- `public_user_domain_name` (String) The business domain name that the user uses on the Internet.
- `public_zone_name` (String) The domain name that is used to access GTM over the Internet.
- `sms_notification_count` (Number) The quota of SMS notifications.

### Read-Only

- `cname_type` (String) The access type of the CNAME domain name. Valid value: PUBLIC.
- `id` (String) The ID of Global Traffic Manager instance.
- `renew_period` (Number) Automatic renewal period, the unit is month.
- `renewal_status` (String) Automatic renewal status.

<a id="nestedblock--alert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config`

Required:

- `notice_type` (String) The Alarm Event Type. Valid values: ADDR_RESUME, ADDR_ALERT, ADDR_POOL_GROUP_UNAVAILABLE, ADDR_POOL_GROUP_AVAILABLE ACCESS_STRATEGY_POOL_GROUP_SWITCH, MONITOR_NODE_IP_CHANGE

Optional:

- `dingtalk_notice` (Boolean) Whether to configure DingTalk notifications. Valid values: true, false.
- `email_notice` (Boolean) Whether to configure mail notification. Valid values: true, false.
- `sms_notice` (Boolean) Whether to configure SMS notification. Valid values: true, false.


